---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/rules/the-world-and-it-s-nonsense/"}
---


In the world of Reighlor we do not only deal with all medieval and magic, we also have the glorious steampunk vibes we all secretly want! There are many things in Reighlor that mix both magic and technology together to get useful world changing items. Not only is travel by land with horses or on foot, but trains do exist here! Though trains are exciting, not as exciting as airships! Though not easily accessible by most due to them being a fairly new invention, they are still exciting! Travel by sea is also, of course common in Reighlor and is the only way to get to some of the further off Islands.

**STARTING:**
You live in the continent of Reighlor, in the [[The World Of Reighlor/Kingdom Of Leloria/Kingdom of Leloria\|Kingdom of Leloria]] in the bustling port town [[The World Of Reighlor/Kingdom Of Leloria/Joleria/Joleria\|Joleria]] where your Guild (and many others) resides. Being an adventurer is a well sought out dream by many, the freedom, the glory. To better help utilize the spike in adventures Guilds started popping up just as quick. The best ranked guilds get more quests which means more rewards, so a good rating is essential for any thriving Guild and its members. Some Guilds are exclusive to help keep up this rating and only accept the best adventurers, just like [[The World Of Reighlor/Kingdom Of Leloria/Joleria/Guilds Of Joleria/Conquest Of Glory (COG)/Conquest Of Glory\|Conquest of Glory]]. Some adventurers might have started at another Guild first, had made a name for themselves before joining or just show off with a fight and prove their worth. What is safe to say is that COG has some of the best adventurers around. Joleria is a very popular port town, an great asset for the Guilds so travel can be handled easily. This town has everything you could need as an adventurer and outside the city is farmland and small forests to help fuel the populace of Joleria.